TIRTH BHIMANI

& +91 9906750394 & tirthbhimani304@gmail.com in in/tirth-bhimani-9781a31b2/ @ github.com/Tirth-304

EDUCATION
Course Institute Year of Passing Result
Bachelor of Technology (CSE) IIT Jammu 2023 8.56 CGPA
12th Standard Modi School 2019 86.30%
10th Standard Dholakiya School 2017 92.5%

WORK EXPERIENCE
Nvidia
System Software Engineer (Sept 2023 - Present)
e Enhancing device driver for NVIDIA GeForce GPUs, with a focus on thermal issues and fan control algorithms using C/C++.
e Collaborating with diagnostics software, hardware characterization, and platform/board teams throughout the entire life cycle of
the SKU, including design, coding, bringup, testing, and maintenance.
e Optimizing and solving problems in the GPU driver to ensure efficient and effective performance.
Skills Acquired - Kernel Debugging, Device Driver Programming. C/C++
Nvidia
Software Engineering Intern (Jan 2023 - Jul 2023)
Implemented Priority and Fairness feature in Kubernetes cluster for improved flow of requests
Deployed IPMI exporter and Prometheus for hardware metrics monitoring with Grafana dashboard to visualize metrics
Configured heap space and thread dump collection for improved remote debugging in Jenkins Pods
Verified persistent volumes functionality on upgraded Trident version in ARM nodes

Skills Acquired - Kubernetes, Prometheus, Grafana, Jenkins, Trident, Ansible Playbook, Linux

Culinda Inc.

Python Developer Intern (Apr 2022 - Jul 2022)
e Developed the security system for FastAPls by adding an Authentication token system with Database Management.
e Constructed Azure Functions for Registrant Alert, BrandAlert, Reverse Whois, and Page Parsing.
e Enhanced the accuracy of Resume parser in Data Extraction and Designed UI for the same application.

Skills Acquired- Attack Surface Management, FastAPI, Azure Function, AP! management with Python

Infilytics Pvt. Ltd. @
Machine Learning Intern (Jun 2021 - Jul 2021)
e Streamlined 20% of the workflow of CAs by accurately providing the inconsistent entries in sales data.
e Implemented time series forecasting on previous sales data to set the benchmark for future sales of the company.
e Programmed the model in Python using ARIMA and RNNs to obtain the best accuracy for different datasets.
Skills Acquired- Neural Networks, CNNs, RNNs, ARIMA & TensorFlow

PROJECTS

360° Omnidirectional Super Resolution for Images
CVPR 2023 (Feb 2023 - Mar 2023)

e Applied Liif Architecture and performed several tweaks to get the best WS-PSNR of 26.1527.

e Generated more Downsampled images for given High-Resolution Images for dataset generalization.
Applied Techniques - Image Downsampling Techniques, Super Resolution techniques

Order Management System (7
IIT Jammu (Mar 2022)
e Developed a database with MySQL to store, manipulate and search a product & their orders for customers and suppliers.
e Designed an ER model with 7 entities and translated the model into a relational schema for management system.
Applied Techniques - Joins, Views, Regular Expression, Conditional Statements etc.

Image Recognition 4
(Aug 2021)
e Developed several models for food recognition in images and tweaked properties of Neural networks to improve efficiency
e Surpassed the accuracy of original dataset by ~37% margin (original data accuracy - 50.76, developed model accuracy - 87 )
Applied Techniques - CNN, Data Augmentation, Data Preprocessing, Overfitting ReductionSKILLS

Programming Languages _—_C,, C++, Python

Technical Skills Kernel Programming, Kernel Debugging, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Data Structure & Algorithms
(DSA), Object Oriented Programming, Data Science

DataBase Management MySQL, MongoDB

DevOps Kubenetes, Jenkins, Prometheus, PromQL, Grafana, Ansible Playbook

ADDITIONAL DETAILS

Event Participation
e Secured 2nd price in PDC Valorant Cup 2023
Won Gold medal for CSE branch in IntrallT 8-ball pool championship 2023
Represented IIT Jammu in Inter IIT Tech Meet 10.0 for Bosch Model Extraction (Based On Deep Learning, Cyber Security)
Secured 6th state rank in Pitch Deck Competition 2022 for StartUp ideas

Professional Development
¢ CodeBlocks - Algo++ Course completion certificate
e Microsoft Verzeo - Machine Learning Course completion certificate